Alun's Reformation Mod - Version 0.4 Beta

Porting Guide

Since this mod is of a rather limited scope (just affecting province
religion, and even that for only a relatively short period of time),
you may want to use it as part of some other mod rather than run it as
a stand alone mod. For that reason I've put together here the things
I could think of that you need to do and think of in order to incorporate
it into another mod. I'm going to assume the other mod also uses moddir.

Check if there's any id conflicts. This mod uses events in the range
717000000 - 717xxxx99 (where xxxx is the highest province ID number used),
and country tag MUS.

The event id range was chosen to be unlikely to conflict with anything
else, but should that actually have happened, remapping is easy. As of
Version 0.4 you can change the mapping in all province level events simply
by changing the argument to the EventIDPrefix tag in the .empire file and
rebuilding with Alun's Empire. In addition to that you need to change the
717 prefix in RNGC_Main.txt to the same new prefix.

Checking that you don't overwite anything, copy all the events in the
event folder to your event folder. The only Paradox event file I've
changed is ReligiousEvents.txt (in Version 0.3 and earlier also
randomevents.txt). If you too have changed it you will have to merge
the changes.

What I've done in ReligiousEvents.txt is to change the dates and offsets
of the Reformation and Jean Calvin events. (I also changed the name of the
Jean Calvin event, but this isn't critical.)

If you have your own events.txt file then edit it so that the new event
files get included, otherwise just copy mine. All my new stuff is at the
end of the file if you just want to cut'n'paste.

This mod uses the country tag MUS in order to provide random number
generation (by AI event choices). If this tag is already used but you
have some other tag free, you can change it in all province level events
simply by changing the argument to the RNGCTag tag in the .empire file
and rebuilding with Alun's Empire. In addition to that you also need to
change the tag in RNGC_Main.txt and RNGC.inc.

If you don't have any free tags, you could add the events to an existing
country, but it would have to be one that is never played by a human,
and it would have to be one that never gets annexed (at least not before
the reformation is all over). This could potentially be a bit problematic.
If you go this route you wont need the RNGC.inc file, otherwise make
sure it's included by your scenario file(s).

If you do use the RNGC.inc file, verify that the province used as the
capital is not already occupied in your scenario. As of 0.4 beta this
is unlikely with the vanilla map since it is a dummy province... If you
use a modified map, change it to either the new dummy province or to one
especially made for the purpose (hidden away from everyone else).

Make sure to include StartReligions.inc into any scenario starting before
the Reformation (unless you've changed province.csv to not have any
protestant or reformed provinces anyway).

Note that in StartReligions.inc I also changed Kexholm to orthodox and
Vestbygden and Eiriksfjord to catholic, but this is more of a bugfix than
a mod thing.

Assuming you want them, cut'n'paste the size options to the header section
of your main scenario file(s).

That, hopefully, should be it.
